feat(docs): add logging config info (#143)
someengineering/resoto.com: docs/getting-started/configuring-resoto.md

```

The setting `resotoworker.pool_size` determines how many collectors (aws, gcp, digitalocean, k8s, etc.) are run concurrently. `aws.account_pool_size` and `gcp.project_pool_size` are used to determine how many accounts or projects respectively are collected concurrently. Within AWS the setting `aws.region_pool_size` is used to determine how many regions per account are collected concurrently.

> ## Configuring logging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Logging
```

Author: idk, the list so far is
[Listing Configurations](https://resoto.com/docs/getting-started/configuring-resoto#listing-configurations)
[Editing Configuration](https://resoto.com/docs/getting-started/configuring-resoto#editing-configuration)
[Setting Individual Properties](https://resoto.com/docs/getting-started/configuring-resoto#setting-individual-properties)
[Overriding Individual Properties](https://resoto.com/docs/getting-started/configuring-resoto#overriding-individual-properties)
[Restoring the Default Configuration](https://resoto.com/docs/getting-started/configuring-resoto#restoring-the-default-configuration)
[Configuring Cloud Providers](https://resoto.com/docs/getting-started/configuring-resoto#configuring-cloud-providers)
[Configuring Resoto Worker for many-core machines](https://resoto.com/docs/getting-started/configuring-resoto#configuring-resoto-worker-for-many-core-machines)

Wouldn't it look odd if the last entry is just `Logging`?

Reviewer: Hm, I guess let's leave it for now but I think that the headings should be "context-aware," if that makes sense.  I'll give it some thought and edit it later.

It should be title case though, "Configuring Logging."

Most Resoto components by default log in JSON format with the exception of Resoto Shell (`resh`). The thought behind this behavior is that Core, Worker and Metrics are likely running on something like a Kubernetes cluster in a data center and logs are ingested by a central logging system. Resoto Shell on the other hand is executed on a local machine and any potential log output consumed by a human.

> If this behavior is undesired it can be turned off by setting the environment variable `RESOTO_LOG_TEXT=true`.

Reviewer: Just to clarify, does setting this environment variable result in Resoto components _not_ logging in JSON format, but in a more human-friendly format?

Author: Yes, it logs in text instead of json format then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON-format logging can be disabled by setting environment variable `RESOTO_LOG_TEXT=true`.
```
